You can't forgive me. You're crazy.
You've been coming here all the time.
You're a man.
You should sit down.
What are you talking about?
You're a man.
But what about your wife?
What about your wife?
You're a man.
What's wrong?
She's 25 years old.
She's dead.
What are you talking about?
You're a man.
I'm a man.
Who's a man?
I'm crying.
What's your man like?
I think he's a man.
What are you talking about?
I know you're a man.
But what about your wife?
What's going on?
What's your wife like?
What doesn't she have?
She's dead.
How about his wife?
Take care of yourself.
Yes.
First, soak in В 곳ους applicant onde.
First, soak in В п insistsant в mucho.
Yes.
Then you hog it.
There's a way to ease it.
You can put your hands out and beans singer.
Of course, I'm your man.
What are you doing?
Don't do that.
Come here.
You're a good boy.
I'll give you a treat.
Don't do that.
What?
I see.
Do you know?
I don't.
I'm hungry.
I'm going to bed.
You're going to bed?
You're sleeping?
I know.
I'm hungry.
I'm going to bed.
You're a strange man.
I'm hungry.
I'm going to bed.
I'm going to sleep.
Sir,
I'm sorry,
but can you help me with the pillow?
What?
I can't help you.
I'm going to sleep.
You're going to sleep?
I'll sleep.
Sir, can you help me with the pillow?
You're sleeping?
No, sir.
I'm sorry, but I'm going to sleep.
I'm going to sleep.
You don't have to take off your clothes.
You can get up and sleep a little.
It's not bad.
You can sleep forever.
You can take a good night's sleep.
I'm sorry.
It's not bad.
You can sleep forever.
You can sleep all you want.
You can kill anyone.